doc(*): update changelog for 3.9 (#195)
leanprover-community/lean: doc/changes.md

v3.9.0c (19 April 2020)
----------------------

Features:
  - The VM supports string literals (#185, #187)
  - Imports are parsed in an indentation-sensitive way. Compare:
    ```lean
    import foo
      bar
    open_locale classical -- runs user command
    ```
    and
    ```lean
    import foo
      bar
      open_locale classical -- imports open_locale and classical modules
    ```
    This makes it easier to run user commands at the start of files. (#188)
  - The parser now has access to the local scope and can parse expressions as patterns (#192)
  - `mmap` and `map` functions for `d_array`, `array`, and `buffer` (#190)

Bug fixes:
  - The order of emetas has been reversed in `simp_lemmas` (#183)
  - Universe parameters are collected from anonymous instances (#189)

>   - Nested comments in doc strings fixed (#191)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Nested comment parsing in doc strings was fixed (#191)
```

Changes:
  - The performance of `array.map` has been greatly improved (#186)

>   - A frequently-hit assertion violation was removed from the elaborator (#194)

Author: ```suggestion
  - A frequently-violated assertion was removed from the elaborator (#194)
```
